Congratulations on finishing AI for Trading ND.
You have come really far and overcome many challenges and you should be
really proud of yourself for finishing the project you began months ago.
Now is a great time to take a few moments and reflect on where you were and what you
knew when you started this ND and how many new things you've learned and accomplished.
Way back in the beginning,
you learned about momentum,
mean reversion, portfolio optimization,
factor modelling, and alpha research.
Later, you learned about natural language processing,
neural networks, machine learning for alpha combination, and backtesting.
You've really come a long way and developed a solid foundation in quant finance.
Thank you so much for sticking with us and for providing us your feedback along the way.
It's very important to us that we fix and
improve aspects of the course that are not working for you.
On the other hand, we like to know what's working well so we can do more of it.
We do really appreciate
your engagement with us and with the rest of your fellow classmates.
We read all of the feedback that you send to us,
and it helps us to better understand your experience and improve
the course for the students who are following in your footsteps.
Also, sometimes when we see a nice comment from a happy student,
it makes everyone on our team very happy.
You may be wondering, "What's next?"
For starters, keep reading financial news,
keep looking for interesting papers and implement them in code.
Try online competitions in machine learning or alpha generation to build
your career portfolio and also to build your community and network.
Practicing and learning is how you get better and smarter.
So finding opportunities to implement what you've learned and
stretch the boundaries of your knowledge a little bit more is very important.
Very true. It's normal for many of us to wonder if we'll ever get
a particular dream job or whether we can really pursue our passion as a career.
This question naturally comes up more as we approach a learning milestone,
such as finishing a nanodegree.
Until recently, I thought that getting paid to do
what you love was not something most people can hope for.
Over this past year,
I've had a chance to work with a team of people that I really admire,
building a product I feel passionate about,
and working to support you,
our students, whom I really care about.
So now I do think it's possible to find a job that you
love even if it isn't the one you originally have in mind.
If someone ever tells you that you'll never be this or never do that,
just remember, we spent a good part of this
nanodegree learning about how hard it is to predict the future.
No one knows for certain what you can or cannot become or what you can or cannot achieve.
If you find something that you are really passionate about
and you're willing to spend your evenings and weekends doing it,
then hold onto it and keep improving your skills.
Then, you'll be ready when a good opportunity comes your way.
Improving your skills and making progress towards goals is definitely a journey.
We hope you've enjoyed the journey as much as we have.
Thanks so much, and bye for now.
Bye.